Along with your students and welcome to this new lecture in which I will teach you how to use m files
into your simulation model.
So here I have this model which is step block here multiplied to gain 0 five and the results is plotted
using this scoop.
So if I run this model for three seconds I have this plot of a scoop of step with five.
In some cases it's better to define the value of your gains or different variables of your system in
workspace or using and files so that when you need to change these variables you don't change them in
your Samuel link model because this work will be exhausting.
Steve you change these values in your end file or in your command window so I will show you now how
to use variables from your command window or m files into your Samuel link model.
So first I will go to the command window.
I'll type CLEC to clear.
Now I will define a variable of a equals 2 for example 5.
Now as a workspace has a the value is 5.
I will go back to my Samuel link model.
I will double click the again and I will change the gain value to a game is not a number now it's a
variable a I will click OK and wrong my model other than get any error message.
So my model is okay I will double click this model the step is five if I want for example to change
the value of a CLEC A equals to three And back to my model again and run the model.
You'll see that the gain is SRI
in most cases we don't use workspace to Define variables.
Instead we use m file to define our variables.
So I have defined new in file I will call it Samuel link and file define for example variable X equals
to five variable Y equals two three and z equals 2 6.
I will save this file.
X y z save and I will run this file factories or in space I will find that X equals to 5 y equals 2
3 and z equals to 6.
Now I will pack to my model the symbol link I will change the variable to X No.
K runs a model the scope shows a step of 5.
I can for example type X times Y.
Okay now run
its value of three times five which is 15.
So I can do operations inside the step definition.
I can say X times Y over Z now.
K and run the model.
And I have this value of 2.5 which is 15.
Over 6 it's more easier to use m files in your model instead of defining your different variables as
values inside your Samuel link model.
As I have stated before it's very exhausting to change the different values of these variables.
If you want to change as a model parameters so Steed go to your m file and change different variables.
That's all for this value.
Thank you guys for watching and see you in the next week.
You.